docs/cli/maintain/audit.md, before:

# MAINTAIN AUDIT

- Searches for 'semantic collisions' (near-duplicate knowledge) in the registry.
- Uses vector similarity to detect nodes that are > 95% identical.
- Reports anomalies for manual review or automated merging.
Usage: ./cli maintain audit

- Searches for 'semantic collisions' (near-duplicate knowledge) in the registry.
- Uses vector similarity to detect nodes that are > 95% identical.
- Reports anomalies for manual review or automated merging.
Usage: ./cli maintain audit

TECHNICAL DEEP-DIVE:
The `audit` command is implemented in `clide.brain.auto.auto_audit_brain`.

### Logic Flow
1. **Loading**: Fetches up to 500 recent nodes and decodes their JSON embeddings.
2. **Analysis**:
   - Performs an $O(N^2)$ comparison across the selection (or optimized subset).
   - Calculates **Cosine Similarity** between every pair of nodes.
3. **Detection**:
   - Threshold: **0.95**. Any pair exceeding this is marked as an "anomaly".
4. **Reporting**: Prints node IDs and categories for detected duplicates to the TUI.

### Code Reference
- **Entry Point**: `clide/serve/portal.py` -> `cmd_maintain`
- **Implementation**: `clide/brain/auto.py` -> `auto_audit_brain`

Commit message:

release: v0.7.5 - Unified Intelligence Portal and Enhanced Forge Synthesis
- Version: Bump to 0.7.5.
- Brain: Add task synchronization and safety thresholds for brain auditing.
- Forge: Enhance SynthesisOrchestrator with end-to-end intent processing and LLM-driven design brief generation.
- Serve: Refactor help system into a Unified Intelligence Portal; expand CLI with persistent clustering and progress monitoring.
- Docs: Comprehensive update of Command Atlas documentation, including new sector modules and unified styling.
- Index: Overhaul batch indexer to support total registry rebuilding from memory.db and shell history.
- Swarm: Integrate synthesized 'debug_tool' MCP server for verification.
- Tests: Fix import paths and improve environment handling across test suite.

docs/cli/maintain/audit.md, after:

# MAINTAIN // AUDIT

Searches for 'semantic collisions' (near-duplicate knowledge) in the registry and resolves them through synthesis.

## Usage
`./cli maintain audit [--threshold T]`

## Description
This command uses vector similarity to detect nodes that are semantically near-duplicates. When a collision is detected, the system:
1. Reports the overlapping IDs.
2. Synthesizes a new "Master Node" using the LLM to preserve all unique facts.
3. Redirects relationships to the master node and prunes the redundant units.

## Arguments
- `--threshold T`: Similarity threshold for detection (default: 0.95). 
- **Safety Cap**: The threshold cannot be set lower than **0.80** to prevent over-aggressive merging.

<card>
Title: AUDIT PARAMETERS
Default Threshold: 0.95 (Near-Exact)
Minimum Threshold: 0.80 (Strongly Related)
Engine: clide.brain.auto.auto_audit_brain
</card>

### Technical Deep-Dive
1. **Loading**: Fetches knowledge units and decodes their semantic embeddings.
2. **Analysis**: Calculates **Cosine Similarity** between node pairs.
3. **Detection**: Any pair exceeding the threshold is flagged for merging.
4. **Resolution**: Merges content via `merge_knowledge_nodes` and updates relationship lineage.

### Code Reference
- **Entry Point**: `clide/serve/portal.py` -> `cmd_maintain`
- **Implementation**: `clide/brain/auto.py` -> `auto_audit_brain`
